Ike Quigley
------------
I am a software engineer. I have been writing code since the 4th grade. I have a BA in Screenwriting from UNC-Chapel Hill, and an
MS in Comp Sci from UNCG. I have been coding professionally for over 20 years. I also spent time in the movie industry.
I have written a novel. I have 2 children. 1 is a high school freshman. The other is an Econ major at NC State. I am
currently remodeling my kitchen. It has consumed my life.

Sengthida Lorvan
----------------
Hi, I am Thida! If all goes well I should be graduating in December with a BS in Comp Sci with three minors, Chinese,
Math, and History. I enjoy reading, mainly fiction, as well as watching shows in my spare time. I like to binge so I
start reading/watching a lot of different things at once. I work as a student technician under Classroom Technology.
I help the teachers with their tech issues(hardware) within the classroom. After I graduate while trying to find a job
in the field I plan on honing my foreign language skills and attempt to be a translator.

Hyoungjin Choi
------------
I am a Computer Science student. I have been writing code since my senior year of high school.
I have an AAS in Information Technology - College Transfer Track from GTCC.
I was born in Korea and this is also my 8th year living in the United States. I speak Korean fluently.
I like playing Destiny 2 on my xbox and watching YouTube vieos in my free time.
One of my favorite foods is Carbonara. I can cook a decent one if I do say so myself.

Thomas Truong
------------
I am a junior at UNCG in Computer Science. My first BA is in Biology with a minor in Chemistry.
In my free time I like to play games or go fishing. I am currently working a full time job repairing laptops
but my goal is to become a software engineer after I graduate. My favorite fast food restaurant is chik-fil-a.

Darlyn Mendez
-------------
Hi my name is Darlyn and I'm a Computer Science major. I was born in Peru and I moved to the US when I was two years old.
I like creating complex origami models and I enjoy listening to music. I also like to play table tennis.
I'm still a beginner in table tennis, but hopefully I can still improve.


McKenzie Staton
-------------
Hi my name is McKenzie Staton and I'm a Junior in Computer Science at UNCG. 
I've been writing code since High School. 
In my free time, I mostly just read and listen to music. I have two cats. 
I also like Baking, my favorite things to make are many different types of cookies (like Chocolate Chip and Snickerdoodle). 

A̲k̲a̲s̲h̲ ̲C̲a̲r̲v̲e̲r̲
Greetings! I like rock sculptures that go beep boop and engineering things that utilize their beep boops effectively, in consideration of others who also want to make things with beep booping. 
I also like reading, writing, and learning. I like to write and plan on creating a novel. Hiroshi Mori is one of my favorite authors and my favorite genre is philosophical fiction. 
What interests me most about computer science is theory of computation and cellular automata. Greensboro is my hometown and supporting my family here is cool. 
I like discussing in various areas including anime and manga in which I give presentations on various topics. My favorite food is cabbage.

John Iacoucci
-------------
I am a CS Major at UNCG. I work at the hospital with covid patients. I have a girlfriend of 5 years and
we have a dog together. Her name is Luna and she is the best Australian Shepard you could ask for. I am
thinking of going into the data field primarily to manage databases and write applications that revolve
around databases. I just enjoy the structure to a database I find it soothing :).

Noah Brown
-------------
I am a sophomore Computer Science student at UNCG. I have been interested in the ins and outs of software and computing
since 3rd grade, and my course concentration in High School was in Digital Media. I have three siblings, two of whom are
in high school, while my sister is currently in Kindergarten. My ideal career path is a Professor in Computer Science,
after receiving either a Master's or Doctorate in Computer Science. 

Ian Holder
-----------
I am, I assume like many here, a Computer Science major. I am the youngest of four, and the most curious. 
Finding ways to take things apart into their component pieces, but not finding how to put them back together.
I have gotten into fountin pens recently, preferring Kaweco pens.
The type of hobby that I could not recommend unless spending hours tring to fix something that might be broken seems fun.
But generaly I play video games in my free time: Bioshock, Hades, The Outer Worlds, and CyberPunk 2077 to name a few.
Also I am tring to read through Terry Pratchett's Discworld books.

Michael Leonard
-------------
I am a Senior currently finishing my last year at UNCG. I am a CS major with a math minor, but I don't really know what field of CS I want to go into after I graduate.
Operating System design and Security are both very interesting to me though. I was born and raised in Raleigh but I've done alot of traveling. 
I wait tables so my weekends are normally spent inside of a chaotic restaurant. When I do havefreetime I love to go hiking/camping at Linville Gorge 
and I play Hearthstone when I can. (Add me on battle.net if you want to play, #Camden1643)   

Yikuan Du
-------------
Hi everyone I am YikuanDu, a computer science student. I come from China. What I do most in my spare time
is to play video games (especially Path of exile), collect some electronic products and then disassemble
them. I want to do some work on video games after graduation.

Austin Matias
-------------
Hello! I'm a Junior CompSci major, and I'm also in the National Guard. Been doing college off and on as I've deployed twice once to Kuwait and once
to Qatar. I really enjoy video games, and my main video game is Destiny 2. Looking forward to having fun this semester! Also if you're in Friday lab, I'm
still looking for two more!

Patrick Ksor
------------
I am a junior majoring in CS at UNCG. I was born and raised in Greensboro and have lived here my whole life. My hobbies include working out, playing video games, and playing
basketball. I got into programming my senior year of high school. Software engineering and Artificial intelligence are some of the things that are interesting to me at the
moment.   

Alana Traylor
-------------
I am a CS student with a concentration in data science and a minor in human development and family studies. 
I was born and raised in Fayetteville, NC, moved to greensboro for school. 
I spend most of my time working at a retirement home where I am a CNA or in the biology labs as a lab assistant here at UNCG. 
Whenever I might have freetime I watch crime documentaries or anime.

Dillon Halbert
-------------
I am a manager at Taco Bell in Thomasville. I been working there for about three years and i love and hate the job at the same time
On my free time i play video games and basically watch youtube. One intresting fact about me is that I used to live in West Virginia when i was a kid
and I moved to NC about ten years ago. My favorite food is Tacos, fruit of all sorts, pizza, and ice cream. 

Connor Contursi
---------------
Hello, I am a Junior Computer Science Major at UNCG. I'm originally from New Jersey, though I've lived in North Carolina for over 10 years. 
I love working with my hands, and one day I will finally get around to rebuilding a car engine myself from the ground up.
I also play Rocket League too much, and at one point I was one of the top 20 players in the world, but I play the game much more casually now.

Dominic Turmenne
----------------
Hello, I am currently in my second year of computer science at UNCG. I was raised in North Carolina, but my parents were both from New York. When I have free time, I usually spend it listening to music and driving around town with my friends. Lately due to covid, I have taken up 3D modelling as a hobby because a lot of the design process feels similar to that of computer science.

Thomas Knepshield
-----------------
I am a Junior Computer Science major here at UNCG. I am from Louisville, KY and in Greensboro for college. I am a weather geek and
photographer in my free time. I will drive hours to look at clouds that may or may not drop a tornado (yet to see one). I am a member
of the Cross Country and Track team here. Also, I like to travel to different cities and spend time there. Ill run, find a restaurant
and walk around before heading to the next town. This summer I am taking on this along with national parks. In the future, I hope to
work with either weather models or freetime app development with a career in meteorology.

Leslie Macias Magana
---------------------
Hi! I am also a Computer Science Major. I was born here in Greensboro but my family is originally from a small town in Jalisco, Mexico. It's one of my favorite places to be. 
I am the eldest of three. My sister Kate is in middle school and our little brother Iker is in elementary - my family is the most important thing to me. 
My hobbies include reading, mostly fiction, baking (I love chocolate chip cookies and bread, and playing video games.I enjoy story based games like the last of us, spider-man, and jedi fallen order.

Ke'Shawn Posey
--------------
I am a Junior in the Computer Science Field at UNCG. I am from Roanoke Rapids, NC. I love to play basketball and play video games.
I grew up on video games where I can say nearly a quarter of the lessons I have learn are from games. One of my goals is to have 
the chance to work with a gaming company. I have been to many states on the east coast and would love to travel more out west
Favorite basketball player is Lebron James. Favorite color is orange.

Emily Crabtree
---------------
Hello! I'm a Computer Science major at UNCG. I was born in Blacksburg, Virginia, but I currently live just outside of Greensboro. I'm the youngest in my family and I have a Chihuahua named Koda. In my 
free time I like to read (mostly fiction with a little thriller mixed in), write, listen to music, create art, and play video games. Some of my favorite video games are Detroit: Become Human, Last Of Us, 
BioSock Infinite, and Life is Strange. I was introduced to programming in early high school, but mostly worked with html and css. My favorite place in the universe is Disney World and after I graduate, 
I want to either go into teaching or do something creative.

Alexander Eckert
----------------
Hello, I'm a Senior in the Computer Science program at UNCG. I transferred from Forsyth Tech where I earned my Associate of Computer Programming and Software Development.
I'm originally from upstate New York, but have lived in Winston salem for over twenty years. I enjoy traveling, video games, tabletop games, and food.

Quan Dinh
----------------
Hi Everyone, I'm a Senior in Computer Science. I have two years in Dallas - Texas before I came here two years ago. Beside computer, I loves cats and enojoy watching movies, playing card games. Acttually, I enjoy
doing a lot of thing but most of the time the three I just listed are the most interested. That is great to see you guys this semester. Hopefully I can learn something from everyone and I need someone to show me how
to use the gitBash it confusing.

Serena Wisnewski Herter
-----------------------
I am a part-time student at UNCG. I work full time as a Junior .net Developer for Point Shop's WTE Solution. I began working there over the summer of 2020.
In December of 2019, I got married. I haven't changed my name in the UNCG system, so I may show up as either Wisnewski or Herter. I try to use both names to avoid confusion.
Last semester my husband, Jon, and I bought our first house. We spent winter break moving in an making ourselves comfortable. We still have a lot of painting to do.
When I'm not working, doing homework, or working around my home, I enjoy binging tv shows, reading, and singing showtunes. My favorite musical is Hadestown right now.
I would consider myself a "basic bitch". I love leggings, pumpkin spice, Disney movies, and puppies. Right now, I am very into WandaVision and the Mandalorian. 

Messiah Henderson
-----------------
I am a Senior in the Computer Science major. I recently found a new passion, however, which is personal training. I enjoy watching people better themselves physically, as I have seen 
that it also has an affect on them mentally as well. My free time is mostly spent at the gym doing all sorts of activities, but if not there, I am playing video games. I also 
recently picked up drawing, so now I am finding new ways to better my technique in that.

Cassidy Devenouges
-------------------
I'm a senior computer science major. I live in Apex, NC. I transferred to UNCG from Wake Tech my junior year. I work as
a barista at a local coffee shop a few days a week. In my free time, I enjoy kayaking, paddleboarding, and photography.
I also like to travel and have been able to visit two countries in Africa. I'm planning to graduate in December and I'm
hoping my classes over the next two semesters will help me get a clearer idea of what I want to do with my degree.

Sarah Qureshi
--------------
I am a senior Computer Science major in concentration of Data Science and Big Data. 
I had graduated from early college of Forsyth with an Associates of Science before enrolling into UNCG. I have also travelled cross-country every 5-6 years. A few places I have been to includes Arizona, Georgia, California, etc. 
Some of my hobbies include playing violin, drawing, and story writing.
This semester my goals include learning more about data analytics, and appliying what I will learn in class.

Suqoya Rhodes
______________
I am a Computer Science major and in my senior year. I am from a very small town and I am a first generation college student.
I like to play Minecraft in my free time and rollerblade. I am the oldest of my 11 siblings which is a nightmare and a blessing
in some ways. I hope to travel the world and one day get a dog. I love anime and woodwick candles.

Joshua Millikan
----------------
I'm a junior Computer Science major and math minor at UNCG. I'm from High Point, NC and have lived here all my life. I enjoy playing video games and
working on my own projects in my free time. I started progamming on my own when I was 14 and have some experience with various progamming languages.
Currently, I've been working on creating my own 3d game engine from scratch using the Vulkan graphics api. My favorite progamming language is Rust,
and thats what my engine is written in so far. 

Gene Pressinger
----------------
Hello all, I'm a sophomore computer science major and triple minor (Mathematics, Islamtic Studies, and Political Science) here at UNCG.
I am from Durham, North Carolina, but was born in Port Saint John, Florida. I am a TA for CSC130, as well as a part-time tutor for
the UNCG Computer Science department. I started working with programing languages in sixth grade, and have been ever since!
I love bike riding, going to resturants with friends, spending time with family, walking my dog, and learning more about computer science!

William Andrew Cruse
--------------------
I am a 5th year senior Mathematics major with a minor in Computer Science. My main focuses throughout college have been in data analysis, specifically working with Topology and Topological Data Analysis. Up until now I have been applying to various data science positions, but I hope with the stuff I learn from this course I'll be able to broaden my resume a bit more so that I can competively apply for software engineering jobs. I spend a lot of my free time playing bass guitar. I really like alligators

Anthony Mesa
------------
I transferred a couple years ago so I am kind of a junior/senior I guess. I am a computer science major, Marine Corps veteran, husband, father and intern. I don't have hobbies, which is weird I guess, but developing is essentially my hobby. Being 27 and on my way to 30 in the dev world, the imposter syndrome is real and I am just chipping away for the light at the end of the tunnel - A steady job without debt, and a house with a yard. I like my coffee black, my sauerkraut sour, and my Takis spicy.  

Jayson Willaismon
------------------
Hey everyone, I am a Computer Science major in my senior year at UNCG and I transferred here from WSSU a few years ago.
I typically like to spend my free time playing video games, board games, card games, or just hanging out (virtually for now) with my friends.
I got into computer science with the hopes of one day working with a game development studio or maybe even creating my own small studio in order to

Christopher Jackson
--------------------
I am a senior and Computer science major. I was born in Philadelphia Pennsylvania, but I have lived in North Carolina 
for eight years.I enjoy playing basketball, working out and reading. I have enjoyed computers and technology in general since 
I was young so Computer science seemed like a good major to dive in to.

Srushti Honnenahalli
--------------------
Hello everyone, I am a junior computer science major with a minor in math here at UNCG. I am from Raleigh, North Carolina but was born in Bangalore, India. I enjoy playing video games, painting, and watching anime. I have done research on CRISPR at UNCG. I also like to travel and hope to travel to different paces in the future. I'm looking forward to improve and learn more about computer science.

Logan Whitfield
---------------
Hello all! I am a junior at UNCG and I am studying computer science. I enjoy video games, movies, and comedy. I have lived in North Carolina for my whole life. I have a wife, a dog, and two cats.

William Andrew Cruse
--------------------
I am a 5th year senior Mathematics major with a minor in Computer Science. 
My main focuses throughout college have been in data analysis, specifically working with Topology and Topological Data Analysis. 
Up until now I have been applying to various data science positions, but I hope with the stuff I learn from this course I'll be able to broaden my resume a bit more so that I can competively apply for software engineering jobs. 
I spend a lot of my free time playing bass guitar. I really like alligators

Edward Cooper Hicks
-------------------
I'm a third year Computer Science major. I've wanted to make video games since elementary school and have been coding on and off
since high school. The people I've worked with told me I'm pretty good at it, so hopefully I can get a career out of it and turn
it into a source of income where I don't have to struggle. The modern game industry looks like a complete nightmare to work in,
so I would be content with just making games on the side.

Franque Gonzalez
----------------
Hi everyone, I am a second year computer science major. I am from Greensboro, however, I have lived in Texas and New Jersey before. I 
am also apart of a fraternity, Sigma Phi Epsilon, this allows me to do many philanthropy events and it allows me to make a lot of 
connections with other people.
